Relax nanosecond datetime restriction in CF time decoding (#9618)
pydata/xarray: doc/user-guide/weather-climate.rst

   any of the following are true:

   - The dates are from a non-standard calendar

>    - Any dates are outside the nanosecond-precision range (prior xarray version 2024.11)

Author: ```suggestion
   - Any dates are outside the nanosecond-precision range (prior xarray version 2025.01.1)
```

>    - Any dates are outside the time span limited by the resolution (from xarray version v2024.11)

Author: TODO: Fix version

>    - Any dates are outside the time span limited by the resolution (from xarray version v2024.11)

Author: ```suggestion
   - Any dates are outside the time span limited by the resolution (from xarray version v2025.01.1)
```

   Otherwise pandas-compatible dates from a standard calendar will be

>    represented with the ``np.datetime64[unit]`` data type (where unit can be any of ["s", "ms", "us", "ns"], enabling the use of a :py:class:`pandas.DatetimeIndex` or arrays with dtype ``np.datetime64[unit]`` and their full set of associated features.

Author: ```suggestion
   represented with the ``np.datetime64[unit]`` data type (where unit can be one of ["s", "ms", "us", "ns"], enabling the use of a :py:class:`pandas.DatetimeIndex` or arrays with dtype ``np.datetime64[unit]`` and their full set of associated features.
```

>    represented with the ``np.datetime64[unit]`` data type (where unit can be one of ["s", "ms", "us", "ns"], enabling the use of a :py:class:`pandas.DatetimeIndex` or arrays with dtype ``np.datetime64[unit]`` and their full set of associated features.

Author: ```suggestion
   represented with the ``np.datetime64[unit]`` data type (where unit can be one of ["s", "ms", "us", "ns"]), enabling the use of a :py:class:`pandas.DatetimeIndex` or arrays with dtype ``np.datetime64[unit]`` and their full set of associated features.
```

   As of pandas version 2.0.0, pandas supports non-nanosecond precision datetime

>    values. From xarray version 2024.11 the relaxed non-nanosecond precision datetime values will be used.

Author: ```suggestion
   values. From xarray version 2025.01.1 relaxed non-nanosecond precision datetime values can be parameterized via :py:class:`coders.CFDatetimeCoder` and ``decode_times` kwarg.
```

>    values. From xarray version 2024.11 the relaxed non-nanosecond precision datetime values will be used.

Author: Done.

facilitated with the :py:meth:`xarray.Dataset.convert_calendar` method (also available as
:py:meth:`xarray.DataArray.convert_calendar`). Here, like elsewhere in xarray, the ``use_cftime``
argument controls which datetime backend is used in the output. The default (``None``) is to

> use `pandas` when possible, i.e. when the calendar is standard and dates starting with 1582-10-15.

Author: Yes, this is only a limitation for `standard`/`gregorian`. This needs change.

> use `pandas` when possible, i.e. when the calendar is standard and dates starting with 1582-10-15.

Author: added a note

> use ``pandas`` when possible, i.e. when the calendar is ``standard``/``gregorian`` and dates [starting with 1582-10-15]((https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gregorian_calendar)). There is no such restriction when converting to ``proleptic_gregorian`` calendar.

Author: Done.
